**Terms of Service and your use/usages**

A. This document is an electronic record in terms of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules there under as applicable and various other statutes. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.

B. These terms of use ("agreement") for the application (defined below) are a legal and binding agreement between you ("you", "your" or "yourself"), and, ‘Sabot One private Limited’ ("we", "us", "our", ‘Sabot’ etc.). This agreement governs your use of the application and services (defined below). Please read this agreement carefully before using the application and the service. By accessing our services in any manner, you are accepting, consenting, and agreeing to these terms and obliging to abide, be bound by, and adhere thereof on behalf of yourself, as the end user yourself, your family members, and the all whosoever may access/use/surf our services utilizing the devices and/or account credentials you have registered with us. And if you disagree you are not entitled to avail or use our services, and any use/usage thereafter shall be unauthorized.

C. ‘Sabot One private Limited’ is a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956, having its registered office at B/16, Hariom Chamber, Veera Ind. Estate, Andheri (W), Mumbai-400053, Maharashtra, India ( hereinafter referred to as ‘Sabot’).

D. Sabot is an interactive platform for its viewers and any associated mobile sites, applications ("Site") to inter alia view serials and programs, films, sports content including live sports content, trailers of upcoming serials, view videos and/or photos of their favorite characters on serials, read recaps of serials, international content including viewing schedules of the content offered, etc. on the application ‘Sabot’ and any other features, tools, applications, materials, or other services offered from time to time by Sabot in connection with its business, provided on the application. Sabot may also provide you content by integrating services and applications of other audio-video streaming platforms (‘Partner Content’) and/or provide hosting services to third parties to display their content (‘Third Party Content’) which are beyond our control and Sabot will not be responsible for the content on such third party sites or for its availability.

E. By clicking on the "I ACCEPT " button at the end of these terms of use ("agreement") or otherwise by registering on or by accessing or using the application/service in any manner, you:-


    a. Acknowledge that you have read and understood this agreement and consent to become a party to it,


    b. Acknowledge that you may receive content by way of integrating services and applications of other audio-video streaming platforms (‘Partner Content’) and/or hosting service of third parties to display their content (‘Third Party Content’) which is beyond the control of Sabot and after understanding the same you consent and agree to become a party to the separate, terms of use and/or terms and conditions of such Partner Content and/or Third Party Content.


    c. Represent that you are in compliance with all requirements in this agreement, and


    d. Agree to be bound by and to comply with this agreement.

F. The application and the service may be used only by users (as defined below) who are lawful owners of, or, at the responsibility of such owners, have the necessary authorization for:-


    a. Using the ‘UID’s (defined below) and devices (defined below) and


    b. For making payments, if any, through or in connection with the use of the application and the service. If you are not such a user or if you do not accept the terms of this agreement, then please do not access or use the application and discontinue the registration process.

G. Sabot’s PRIVACY POLICY ("PRIVACY POLICY") is incorporated in this agreement by reference. You agree that the privacy policy will also apply to your use and our provision of the application and the services, and to the collection and use of any personally identifiable data or information.

H. Sabot may amend the terms of this agreement by posting a copy of the modified or amended agreement on the application or a website. Your continued use of the services after notification of such change will signify your acceptance of such amendments.

**I. Definitions:-**


    a. Affiliate(s) means any entity that is Controlling, Controlled by, or is under the common control with that entity. Control means the power to direct or cause the direction of management and policies of an entity, either directly or indirectly, whether through direct or indirect ownership, voting rights, contract or otherwise. 'Controlling', 'Common Control' and 'Controlled by' will be construed accordingly.


    b. Application means the ‘Sabot' software application that we have provided to you and to which this Agreement is attached or linked, and includes the Documentation.


    c. Channel(s) means a third party branded channel on the Application through which a User may access the Content available on the Channel.


    d. Contaminant means a virus, worm, trojan, time bomb, contaminant, or disabling or malicious code, files, or programs.


    e. Content means all audio or audio-visual content (including metadata) that is made available to Users through the Application as part of the Service on the respective third-party Channels.


    f. Device means any device (including Set-Top-Box, TV, mobile handsets and tablets, etc. ) on which Sabot allows the downloading and use of the Application for providing the Services.


    g. Documentation means any information, manuals, usage instructions, and other documentation that Sabot provides along with the Application.


    h. Financial Information will have the meaning specified in Article hereafter.


    i. Information will have the meaning specified in Article. Information includes Financial Information.


    j. Marks means any proprietary logo, branding, name, trademark, and other marks.


    k. ’UID’ means the Mobile Subscriber Integrated Services Digital Network-Number that a User uses to register on the Application for availing the Service.


    l. Personally Identifiable Data means any sensitive personal data or any other information that can be used to identify the User when combined with any other information available with Sabot.


    m. Privacy Policy will have the meaning specified in paragraph 'G' above.


    n. Proprietary Materials means the Service, Application, Channels, Content, and Sabot's or any third party's Marks.


    o. Service(s) means the video streaming and/or downloading service that Sabot provides to Users through the Application by enabling Users to access the Content and the Channels on the Application.


    p. SNS will have the meaning specified in Article hereafter.


    q. Unique Identifiers will have the meaning specified in Article hereafter.


    r. User(s) means an end-user of the Application who


        i. Has downloaded the Application on his or her Device for availing the Services for personal and non-commercial use,


        ii. If applicable has validly registered for the Service through the required registration process, and


        iii. Fulfils all prerequisites and conditions under this Agreement.


    The term 'User(s)' includes you.


    s. User Materials will have the meaning specified in Article.


    J. Service:- You will need to download and install our Application on your Device to use the Service. The Service may enable you to, browse, search, access, stream and subscribe and/or download permissible Contents made available by our partner Channels/OTT platforms. The foregoing at all times will be subject to Sabot’s discretion and availability of necessary rights with Sabot and may require you to pay a one-time fee or recurring subscription fees, as applicable. All features and functionalities that Sabot provides as part of the Application / Service will be at Sabot’s discretion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, we may modify the method in which we provide access to the channels or allows registration to or use of the services, with or without prior notice.


    K. Requirements and Restrictions:-


        **a. Registration**: To avail of the Service you may need to register on our website or on the Application and create an account, which may involve (without limitation):


        i. Setting up a profile,


        ii. Providing your ‘UID’, name, email, gender, and location,


        iii. Creating a username and password,


        iv. Providing your Financial Information


        v. Providing other data and information that we may require for User registration, and


        vi. Receiving and entering one-time passwords.


        You must ensure that all information you provide in connection with the foregoing is correct and accurate, and you will be solely responsible for the protection and confidentiality of your username, password, and account. You will take all necessary precautions to prevent unauthorized and illegal use and unauthorized access to your account. We will not be responsible for any misuse of the Customer's Device or unauthorized access to the Customer's account details by any third party. Sabot expressly disclaims any and all liability, howsoever arising, out of the misuse of the Application downloaded by the Customer. Sabot will not be responsible for any unauthorized, unlawful, or illegal use of the service or the application by any customer or person who is not a valid user. Usage Restrictions


        **b. Territory**. You may use the Application and the Service only in India.


        **c. Age.** In order to use or register for the Service, you must be above 18 years of age.


        d. ’UID’ & Device. You agree that you are not allowed to gain access to or use the ‘UID’, account, or device of any other User/person for using the Service in any manner. You hereby represent that you have the complete authority to use the Device you are using for availing the Service and will be liable for any transactions made from that device in connection with the Service.


        e. Device Compatibility. You acknowledge that the Service may be available/compatible only on select devices, depending on technical compatibility and rights available with SABOT and the Content owners. You understand that SABOT at any time may restrict the use of the Application and Service on any particular device, platform or format. You will not use the Services on any such restricted devices, platforms or format.


        f. Connectivity. Access to and use of the Service will be internet based. You will be responsible for obtaining Internet connectivity (and all devices necessary for such connectivity) and paying all fees in connection with such use. Separate charges may be applicable for accessing and using the Service, including for subscription, streaming, and download.


        g. Releases. The terms of this Agreement will also govern any upgrades, updates, modifications, enhancements, or other releases of the Application.


        h. Usage. Your use of the Proprietary Materials (a) must strictly be for your personal and non-commercial use in accordance with this Agreement, and (b) is revocable (in accordance with this Agreement), non-exclusive, non-transferable and limited by the terms of this Agreement and applicable laws, regulations, rules, and guidelines.


        i. No Public Exhibition. No public exhibition of the Service, Application, Channels, or any Content is permitted, with or without consideration.


        Dissemination by You & Compliance with the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines) Rules, 2011.

**L. YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING:**


    a. You will not, and will not allow others to, use the Service, Application, other Proprietary Materials, and your Device and ‘UID’, directly or indirectly, to upload, distribute, transmit, communicate, provide a link to, or publish any data, information or material using or through the Service, that:


    i. belongs to another person and to which you do not have any right to,


    ii. Is grossly harmful, paedophilic, libelous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, sexually offensive or explicit, harmful or harassing, threatening, hateful, racially, culturally, ethnically or otherwise objectionable or offensive, discriminatory or abusive, against public interest and sentiment, disparaging, or relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling,


    iii. Violates any law or regulation for the time being in force, or is unlawful in any manner whatever, or the rights of others,


    iv. Harm minors in any way,


    v. Causes duress, distress, or discomfort to another or is likely to deter or discourage others from using the Service,


    vi. Infringes any patent, trademark, copyright, or other intellectual property, proprietary rights, or confidentiality obligations of any person or entity,


    vii. Deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature,


    viii. Impersonate another person,


    ix. Contains contaminants, software viruses, or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource, or


    x. Threatens the unity, integrity, defense, security, or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offense or prevents investigation of any offense or is insulting any other nation.


    b. By posting messages, submitting reviews, inputting data, suggesting playlists, suggesting ideas or engaging in any other form of communication through the Service (collectively, "User Material"), you are not forfeiting any ownership rights in such User Material and you continue to retain all of the same ownership rights. Provided that by submitting or posting User Material, you irrevocably grant SABOT a perpetual, fully-paid, royalty-free, sub-licensable, transferable license to use, display, reproduce, distribute, modify, delete from, add to, prepare derivative works of, publish any such content and all intellectual property rights associated therewith, throughout the world in any media formats and any media channel is now known or hereinafter devised, for any promotional or commercial purposes, during the full term of copyright and all renewals and extensions thereof, without any obligation to make any payment to you or others or to give you credit. If SABOT decides to give you credit at SABOT's sole discretion, you further grant SABOT the right to use your name and likeness under the license contained in this paragraph in association with your User Material and the promotion and advertising thereof. You also waive any right to inspect or approve any final product in this regard. You will ensure that the user materials comply with all terms of the Articles above

M. YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THE FOLLOWING:

a. By submitting or posting the User Material, you represent and warrant that you own the User Material. You also represent and warrant that the posting of your User Material does not violate any right of any party, including privacy rights, publicity rights, and intellectual property rights. By submitting or posting the User Material, you agree that your submission of the User Material does not in any way implicate you as an employee, agent, or partner of SABOT. You also agree to comply with SABOT's community rules. By submitting or posting the User Material, you further forever release and discharge SABOT, its affiliates, advertising agencies, successors, assigns, and their respective officers, employees, agents from any and all claims, actions, and demands arising out of, or in connection with, the use of your User Materials, your name, and biographical data, including any and all claims for invasion of privacy and libel. This Release will be inure to the benefit of the assigns, licensees, and legal representatives of SABOT. You warrant that any User Materials will not contain any material that is obscene, defamatory/libellous to any party (including SABOT or its Affiliates and any of the Content providers), or in violation of any applicable public interest, privacy, and other codes, guidelines, and laws.

b. SABOT does not endorse the User Material, and the User Material does not reflect the opinions or policies of SABOT. SABOT reserves the right, but will have no obligation, to monitor the User Material and to restrict or remove the User Material that SABOT determines, in its sole discretion, is inappropriate or for any other reason. Please report inappropriate User Material posted by any User by emailing us at customercare.kol@siti.esselgroup.com

N. MISUSE. Misuse of the Services (or use not in accordance with the intended purpose for which the Service and Application are provided to Users) in any manner is strictly prohibited. You agree to comply with the following :

a. You will not use the Service in a way that


        i. Is not for your personal and non-commercial use,


        ii. Is meant to circumvent the use restrictions in place on the Application, or as specified under this Agreement, or notified by SABOT from time to time, or


        iii. Is meant to distort any data, information or other metrics collected or that may be collected by SABOT in relation to the provision of and Users' use of, or otherwise that in any manner adversely affects, the Services, Application, Channels, Content and other materials.


    b. You also may not use, nor allow others to use, your ‘UID’, Device, Service or Application, directly or indirectly, to:


        i. Attempt to or actually disrupt, impair or interfere with, or alter or modify, the Service, Application or any information, data or materials posted or displayed on the Application


        ii. Act in a way that negatively affects SABOT’s goodwill, the Service, or anyone else.


    c. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes, rules and regulations, as well as any international treaties, which are applicable to your use of the Service, Application, Channels, Content, Device and ‘UID’. You will not use any of the foregoing for any unlawful means and purposes

**O. Technical Restrictions; Other Limitations**

a. No automation/data collection - The Service is provided for personal and non-commercial use only. You are not allowed to use any automated system for the selection, downloading or streaming of any portion of the Application or Channels, including by way of robots, spiders, offline readers or load testers that accesses the Service in a manner that sends more request messages or download requests to SABOTâ€™s servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using the Application or Service. Further, you may not use any script or other mechanism to collect, scrape or gather any information or data from the Application or the Service. You will not gather information and data (including Personally Identifiable Information) of any other User's use of the Service for any reason.

b. Security - You will not, and you will not encourage, assist or authorize any other person to, for any reason whatsoever, violate the security of the Application / Service, including:


    i. accessing data not intended for you,


    ii. logging onto a processor, communications or access device or account which you are not authorized to access, including those of any other Users,


    iii. attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Service / Application or to breach security or authentication measures, regardless of your motives or intent,


    iv. attempting to interfere with or disrupt the Service or service to any user, processor, host or network,


    v. introducing a Contaminant in the Service or Application, or in the Device of any other User, or


    vi. Sending unsolicited e-mails or other information, including promotions or advertising.

Violations of system or network security of SABOT or any of the Users by you may result in civil or criminal liability. SABOT will have the right to investigate such occurrences, which may include investigating your usage on the Application / Service. SABOT may involve, providing Information to and seek assistance from law enforcement authorities in seeking remedies against such violations.

c. Reverse Engineering - You will not, and you will not encourage, assist or authorize any other person to, for any reason whatsoever, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise tamper with any components, usage rules or other protection measures applicable to the Proprietary Materials. You further agree that you will not, and will not enable others to, copy (except as expressly permitted hereunder), decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, decrypt, modify, edit, alter, create derivative works of the Proprietary Materials or any software that is a part of the Application / Service, or any part thereof, even if such derivative works are not meant for commercial use (except as and only to the extent any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law). Any attempt to do so is a violation of the rights of SABOT. You agree to abide by the rules and policies established from time to time by SABOT. Such rules and policies may include, for example, required or automated updates, modifications, or reinstallations of the Application and obtaining available patches to address security, interoperability, and/or performance issues.

d. Suspension / Discontinuation - You acknowledge that SABOT derives its rights to provide access to the Channels through the Application from third parties. Such rights may be available to SABOT for a fixed time, for limited methods of distribution or for limited territories. You further acknowledge that due to the foregoing and technical difficulties, scheduled or unscheduled maintenance and upgrades, causes or events outside SABOT's control, or for any or no reason whatsoever, SABOT at any time may suspend or interrupt the Service and the Application, in whole or in part, temporarily or permanently. In addition, SABOT reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any feature or functionality of the Application and Service with or without notice. You agree that SABOT will not be liable to you or any third party for any direct or indirect consequences of any modification, suspension, discontinuation or interruption of the Service and Application.

e. Take Down - SABOT may be required to take down certain media, Content or other materials off the Service (or otherwise restrict access to them) for compliance with applicable laws, regulations, guidelines, and rules, and for commercial reasons. Accordingly, SABOT reserves the right to remove any such Content / Channel from the Service or put in place any number and manner of restrictions on the access or use of such Channel. You will have no claims whatsoever against SABOT for placing such restrictions with or without notice. If you have any grievance or complaint regarding any Content / Channel, you may notify or may make a complaint in this regard to SABOT, by emailing SABOT at customercare.kol@siti.esselgroup.com

f. Channel(s) Availability - It is hereby clarified that the number of Channels available on the Application and on the Website may vary from time to time subject to the availability of such Channel(s) to SABOT and based on the subscription pack of the User.

g. Loss or Change of Device - If your device is stolen or lost and if you wish to unsubscribe from using the services, you may inform SABOT 's customer care representative of the same. You will remain responsible for any transactions made until your account is unsubscribed by SABOT in such cases.

P. Data & Information: You hereby authorize SABOT and consent to SABOT's collection, storage and use of any information and data related to or derived from your use of the Application, and any information or data that you provide to SABOT ("Information"). In connection with the foregoing, you further acknowledge that SABOT at all times will have the unrestricted right to track all your activity on the Service and Application, including your subscription to the Channels, and access and download of the Content. SABOT reserves the right to use such information for marketing, business development, evaluation and service-enhancement purposes. Except as specified in this Agreement, SABOT will be entitled to reproduce, use, provide and distribute the Information to its Affiliates, subcontractors, partners, agents and licensors, without restriction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, your Personally Identifiable information will be used only in accordance with the Privacy Policy and applicable law. This provision will survive the termination or expiry of this Agreement.

Q. Unique Identifiers. SABOT may insert identifiers in the metadata that accompanies the Content, Channel or your account, and that uniquely identifies your account or the Content as Content you have accessed or purchased ("Unique Identifiers"). These Unique Identifiers may include a random number that we may assign to your account, to your order, to the Content you access, to the copy of the Content you access or download/purchase (including the date and time). Unique Identifiers may identify the genre, the origin of the Content, and other such information and may act as an indicator that the Content was accessed or downloaded from the Application using the Service. These Unique Identifiers do not affect the playback experience. You will not, and will not encourage, assist or authorize any other person to, modify, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, or otherwise tamper with, the Unique Identifiers in any manner.

R. Social Networking Sites: You may also access the Services from a social networking site ("SNS"), such as Facebook. If you access the Services through the SNS, you agree to


    a. provide us access to your Personally Identifiable Information that you may enter on the SNS in connection with your use of the SNS or the Service,


    b. post certain notifications or events related to the Service on the SNS on your behalf; or


    c. access your friends list and other activities.


    If you do not want the Application to post notifications on the SNS on your behalf or access your friends list, you may change the settings on the SNS, if available.


    The Application may allow you to register using your SNS account. If you register for the Service using any SNS account(s), you will be entirely responsible for maintaining the privacy and security of such SNS accounts. Further, you understand that SABOT does not control such accounts in any way and SABOT in no way will be responsible for the safety and security of such accounts.


    As part of the Service, SABOT may allow you to share your Service-related activities on SNS websites through the Application. You will be solely responsible for any materials that you share, provided that you allow SABOT to re-post, re-share and otherwise use such materials.

S. Advertising : The Proprietary Materials, including the Service, SABOT's Application and SABOT's website may contain advertising content from SABOT or any other third party. SABOT does not take any responsibility of any such third party advertising materials, and will not be liable for any of your actions or purchases or losses that you may suffer in relation to or as a result of any such advertising.

**T. Purchased Content; Per-Download Service**

Depending on the availability of rights from the relevant third parties, you may be allowed to purchase and download certain Content through the Service/Application. Upon SABOT's successful receipt of the payments related to such purchase, you will have the right to retain a copy of such Content for your use as the owner of that copy of the Content, subject to the underlying rights (including copyrights and other intellectual property rights of the authors, composers, performers, artists, publishers and record labels). Your use of such downloaded / purchased Content may be restricted as per applicable laws and rights of such third parties. You will be entirely responsible for your use in any manner of any purchased Content.

You may access the downloaded or purchased Content only on your Device and will not transfer the same to another device. You acknowledge that SABOT may place any access, read/write and other technical restrictions on the purchased or downloaded Content. Such restrictions may include disabling the copying or transfer of the Content to another device.

**U. Streaming & Subscription**

You understand and agree that any Content made available to you for streaming only is solely intended for real time viewing and listening and, except as may be technically required for the purposes of real-time streaming, no Content must not be copied, stored or downloaded even for your personal use. You may not use any method or technology to record, capture, or otherwise copy or reproduce any Content which is provided for streaming only.

Any Channel that you access on a subscription basis will be available to you only for the duration of the subscription for which you have paid. Your rights to use and access the subscribed Channel will end automatically upon expiry of the subscription period.

**V. Payment & Financial Information**

You agree to pay requisite charges for the use of the Services in accordance with the rates published by SABOT, which may be modified from time to time.

You represent and warrant that the payment and financial details ("Financial Information") that you provide for availing the Services are correct and accurate. You will be liable for any misuse or fraudulent use of your Financial Information, credit cards, debit cards or other payment mechanisms. The onus to prove otherwise will be exclusively on you. All Financial Information that SABOT collects will be governed by the Privacy Policy. SABOT will not be responsible for any transactions you make for using any portion of the service. All claims and complaints for any failed or incorrect transactions must be directed to our payment processing partners and/or your bank (as the case may be). You are responsible for the timely payment of all fees and for providing SABOT with a valid method of payment.

All billing and payment (whether subscription or per-use) for your use of the Service, Application and Channels will be as per the existing rates and policies of SABOT, subject to change from time to time. You acknowledge and understand that SABOT may use third-party partners and gateways for processing any payments from you. SABOT does not control such partners and gateways and any transactions you make through them will be subject to separate terms and conditions of such third parties and gateways. Any Personally Identifiable Information that you provide in relation to such billing and payment will be subject to SABOT's Privacy Policy and the policies of such third party partners and gateways, as the case may be. SABOT will not be responsible for the protection and privacy of your Information if the payments are processed directly by such third-party partners and gateways without any involvement of SABOT in the processing of the payment other than providing necessary access.

You understand that all payments you make in relation to the use of the Service, including any subscription fees or one-time payments, will be final and non-refundable, except if SABOT cancels your subscription to a Channel for convenience (in which case SABOT will refund you the subscription fee on a pro-rata basis). No refunds will be made if your access to the Service is terminated for your breach of this Agreement.

SABOT reserves the right, at any time, to change its subscription and one-time fees. SABOT does not provide price protection or refunds in case of price reductions or promotional offerings after your purchase.

**W. Third Party Content, Partner Content**

SABOT 's website and/or SABOTâ€™s application may include links to other sites and/or applications on the internet that are owned and operated by online merchants and other third parties, and which may contain references to information, software, materials, products or services provided by the third party. These third party sites may contain information which some people consider inappropriate or offensive. You acknowledge that these third party sites and/or applications are beyond our control and SABOT will not be responsible for the content on such third party sites or for its availability. You must contact the site administrator or webmaster of those third-party sites and/or applications if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content on such sites. Your use of those third-party sites is at your own risk, and is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each sites and/or applications. SABOT may include third party links or references merely as a convenience to the Users and does not endorse nor assume any liability for the third party websites, services, applications or products.

Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of third party sites and/or applications including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such third party sites and/or applications. Before relying on any third party sites and/or applications, you have independently verify its relevance for your purpose, and have obtain appropriate professional advice. SABOT shall not be responsible nor liable for any loss or claim that you may have against an third party sites and/or applications or any consequential damages arising on account of you relying on the contents of the third party sites and/or applications.

**X. Intellectual Property Rights**

You must comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulation and guidelines in connection with your access to and use of the Proprietary Materials. You may not redistribute, transmit, assign, sell, broadcast, rent, share, lend, modify, adapt, edit, sublicense or otherwise transfer or use the Proprietary Materials unless SABOT or the relevant third party consents in writing in each instance. Nothing in this Agreement grants you any synchronization, public performance, promotional use, commercial sale, resale, reproduction, rental or distribution rights in the Proprietary Materials.

You will not violate the copyright and any other intellectual property rights in the Proprietary Materials by any means for any purpose. The Proprietary Materials may contain third party materials, software, code, script or other materials licensed by SABOT from third parties. You acknowledge that such third parties retain ownership and all rights in such materials and you will not infringe the rights of such third parties in any manner, including by reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling or otherwise tampering with such materials. Proprietary Materials are protected by copyright, trade dress, patent, trademark and other laws, international conventions and proprietary rights and all ownership rights to them remain with (as the case may be) the relevant third parties or SABOT, or their licensors or suppliers.

You acknowledge that SABOT retains exclusive ownership of the Service and all intellectual property rights associated therewith. Except as expressly provided herein, you are not granted any rights or license to patents, copyrights, trade secrets or trademarks with respect to the Proprietary Materials, and SABOT, its licensors and the relevant third party owners reserves all rights not expressly granted hereunder. You will promptly notify SABOT in writing upon your discovery of any unauthorized use or infringement of the Proprietary Materials or SABOT's patent, copyright, trade secret, trademarks or other intellectual property rights.

**Y. Termination : **This Agreement shall be effective until terminated by SABOT or you. \
This Agreement will terminate automatically if you breach or fail to comply with any terms and conditions of this Agreement. Further, SABOT may, in its sole and absolute discretion, at any time and for any or no reason, suspend or terminate this Agreement and the rights grants to you by giving you notice. The foregoing will not limit any other rights or remedies under contract, law or equity available to SABOT and SABOT may take such measures available in contract, law and equity that it may deem appropriate.

Upon the termination of this Agreement, you must cease all use of the Proprietary Materials and uninstall the Application.

Termination of this Agreement by SABOT will not relieve you of any obligations to pay accrued charges, including any prorated charges accrued for the billing cycle in which this Agreement is terminated, or any other outstanding amounts for your use of the Service.

You may elect to discontinue using the Services and may request SABOT to unsubscribe your account from the Service by giving a 15 days written notice by email at customercare.kol@siti.esselgroup.com or by informing SABOT 's customer care representative 15 days in advance.

**Z. Disclaimers ( Channel & Content ) :** You understand and agree that the application only enables users to access the channels and that SABOT is not the author of the content and has no control or right over the creation or the substance of the content. All content is controlled by the respective third party owners and licensors who have made available the content for the channel. You acknowledge that SABOT may not and is not required to screen, censor or edit any portion of the content before providing access to you the users. By using the service, you expressly acknowledge and agree that SABOT shall not be responsible for any damages, claims or other liability arising from or related to your access, use or download of any content or channel in any manner.


    You further understand and agree that access to all content on the channels is made available on an 'as-is' basis. SABOT does not provide any representation or warranty, and disclaims all representations and warranties (express implied or statutory) and all responsibility and liability, regarding the channels and their respective content, including, without limitation, their


    a. Quality, substance, accuracy, reliability, appropriateness or any other standards,


    b. Compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulation,s and guidelines, or


    c. Title or non-infringement of any party's rights.


    SABOT has no liability for any channel or content you find to be offensive, indecent, objectionable, slanderous or libelous.

**AA. Application & Service :** In addition, you expressly agree that the application and service are provided on an "as-is" basis and the download, installation and use of the application, service, channels and content is at your sole risk. SABOT does not make, and disclaims, any representations or warranties, express, implied or statutory, regarding the service and the application, or its merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement of third party rights, or any warranties arising by course of dealing or custom of trade. SABOT makes no representation or warranty that the material displayed on or offered through the service are accurate, complete, appropriate, reliable, or timely. SABOT also makes no representation or warranty that the application or the service will meet your requirements or that your access to and use thereof will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that the application will be compatible or interoperable with any user's device.

Further, you acknowledge that, while using the service / application, compatibility and interoperability problems may cause the performance of your device to diminish or fail completely, and may result in permanent damage to such device, including loss of the data, software and files on the device. You acknowledge and agree that SABOT and its affiliates, and licensors will have no liability to you or any third party for any losses, costs or claims suffered as a result of or in connection with such compatibility or interoperability problems.

**BB. Limitation of Liability : **To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, SABOT, its licensors, suppliers, partners, affiliates or third-party service providers will not be liable to you or any third party, whether under law, contract (including fundamental breach) or tort (including negligence), for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, or for any loss of profits, revenues, data, business, production or goodwill, or for any other form of damages in any manner arising out of or in connection with the services, application, channel, content or this agreement, regardless of the form of action or the basis of the claim or whether or not SABOT has been advised of the possibility of such damages. All other disclaimers available at https://playtop.tv, or any of the associated pages or links therein, are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference.

**CC. Indemnity & Release : **You agree to indemnify and hold harmless SABOT, its licensors, service providers, their Affiliates, and each of their employees, officers, directors and agents (together, "Indemnified Parties") against any losses, expenses, costs or damages (including reasonable attorneys' fees, expert fees' and other reasonable costs of litigation or proceedings) arising from, incurred as a result of, or in any manner related to any claim or action based upon


    a. Your breach of, or failure to comply with, the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and including infringement of the copyright or any intellectual property right in the Content, Application or Services,


    b. Your access and use of the Proprietary Materials,


    c. Your breach of applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines,


    d. Your negligence and misconduct,


    e. Your infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property rights of any party,


    f. SABOT's execution of any of your instructions, or


    g. The use of the Service by any other person using your ‘UID’ or Device.


    To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, you release and discharge the Indemnified Parties from any liability resulting from your use or possession of the Application, including in relation to the following:


    a. Any product liability claims,


    b. Any claim that the Proprietary Materials fail to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement,


    c. Any claim arising under any consumer protection or similar legislation,


    d. Any misuse or unauthorized access of your SABOT account.

**DD. Miscellaneous**


    a. Governing Law - Any dispute or claim (contractual or non-contractual) arising out of or in relation to this Agreement or our services, including disputes as to its formation, will be interpreted, governed by and construed in accordance with Indian laws, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. SABOT and you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of Mumbai courts. The other national or international statutes/rulings/conventions on Contracts shall be applied or effective hereto.


    b. Entire Agreement - This Agreement together with the Privacy Policy contains the entire agreement between SABOT and you with respect to its subject matter and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements or communications, either oral or in writing, between SABOT and you with respect to the subject matter hereof.


    c. Severability - The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect.


    d. Survival - The provisions of this Article, and any provisions relating to licenses, indemnity, governing law, jurisdiction, arbitration, confidentiality, intellectual property rights and other provisions that by their nature survive expiry or termination, and those representations and warranties that are required to supplement the above Articles for making them effective, will survive the expiry or termination of the Agreement.


    e. No Waiver - No failure to exercise or any delay in exercising any right, power or remedy by a party under the Agreement will operate as a waiver. A single or partial exercise of any right, power or remedy does not preclude any other or further exercise of that or any other right, power or remedy. A waiver is not valid or binding on the party granting that waiver unless made expressly in writing.


    f. Amendments - SABOT may modify or amend the terms of this Agreement by posting a copy of the modified or amended Agreement on the Application or at https://playtop.tv . You will be deemed to have agreed to any such modification or amendment by your decision to continue using the Service / Application following the date on which the modified or amended Agreement is posted.


    g. Interpretation - In this Agreement, unless specified otherwise:


    i. "include" means "including without limitation",


    ii. singular includes plural, and vice versa,


    iii. reference to one gender includes the other,


    iv. references to any time of day are to Indian Standard Time,


    v. reference to a statute or a statutory provision include its amendments, modifications, re-enactments and consolidations, and


    vi. the rule of construction that an agreement should be interpreted against the party responsible for drafting it will not apply to this Agreement.


    h. Assignment - You may not assign your rights under this Agreement without SABOT's prior written permission and any attempt by you to do so will be void from inception. SABOT may assign or transfer this Agreement in its entirety at any time without notice and without your consent.


    i. Force Majure ‘SABOT’ shall be under no liability whatsoever in the event of non-availability of any portion of the Application or subscribed Content occasioned by act of God, war, disease, revolution, riot, civil commotion, strike, lockout, flood, fire, failure of any public utility, man-made disaster, infrastructure failure or any other cause whatsoever beyond the control of SABOT.


    j. Limited time to bring your Claim - You and SABOT agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Application or the Content must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues otherwise, such cause of action will be permanently barred.


    **k. Copyright Notice and Notice for other Grievances -** In accordance with the applicable laws, for any grievance including if, you believe in good faith that the Content or any information available through our Application infringes your copyright, you may contact our grievance officer and being the intermediary, as defined under the Information Technology Act, 2000 discharge obligations, to require us a prompt disabling/removal of the infringing content and such information, data or communication link residing in or connected to a computer resource controlled by us as if you materially show as being used to commit an unlawful act, etc. we are required to remove or disable access to such material, and/or discover about details of the concerned third party partner, content provider, channel, OTT Platforms, etc. .


    l. SABOT 's performance of this Agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process and the policies and business decisions of SABOT as well as of the associated third party channels/OTT Platforms, service-providers, etc. , and nothing contained in this Agreement is in derogation of SABOT's right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Proprietary Materials or information provided to or gathered by us with respect to such use.

A printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.

